Hey guys, welcome back to the course.
Ok, so in this section we're just ever so slightly going to dip our toes
in the waters of programming, so that we can see that it's really not that bad.
Now, a lot of people have this, I would almost
say like an irrational fear of programing
because they assume it's way too complicated for them to learn,
and when they do actually see code, they don't understand any of it,
thus feeding into that first fear even more.
Looks complicated, must be complicated.
Programming is just like any human language in that regard.
Does it take time to learn? Yes, absolutely, of course.
Is it really, really hard? Well, it depends
obviously on what you are trying to learn.
If I saw code for the first time, could I actually understand it?
Well, you know, to make the reference back to human languages,
if you saw two people speaking Bahasa Indonesia,
which is what they speak in Indonesia,
would you be able to understand those two people speaking that language?
Well, no, of course not.
But does that mean that it's so complicated you'll never get it?
No, actually not at all. In human language, Bahasa is apparently consistently
ranked the easiest language in the world to learn.
Programming has its equivalents.
Everything is confusing until you take the first step towards learning something.
Once you unravel the details of it, you'll find out
it's really not much of a mystery after all.
You might be frustrated by how tedious, or, at times, arbitrary it feels,
but at the end of the day, it's still logical,
and it's just not nearly as complicated
once you actually break down the individual sections of how programming works.
In fact, programming is relatively easy to understand,
and there's only a handful of concepts that you need to understand
to understand virtually any language.
You see, when programming languages were initially being developed,
they were inevitably going to be based off of the languages that preceded them,
and as a result, most languages inherited
the same techniques from their predecessors,
and then any language that was being built in parallel to each language
would often borrow the same techniques.
The result is that they all operate essentially the same way.
Now, in human speech, everyone has the concept of, let's say, a verb, right?
A verb is just a word that connotates an action.
In programming, every language has the concept of a variable,
which is essentially like a short form way of storing information
and then using it later somewhere in your instructional code.
Ok, we're going to breeze through the concepts and hopefully at the end of this
you'll be like, "Hey, this isn't that bad."
And if you don't say that, well, I guess it's not my fault.
The concepts that we're going to learn are:
one - syntax; two - printing; three - commenting;
four - variables (which you should've already gotten a taste of);
five - arrays; six - loops; seven - strings; eight - functions,
and last, nine, what are called conditionals.
Seriously, wipe that grin off your face, it's really not that complicated.
Again, it sounds complicated.
Trust me, you'll get through this without skinning your knees.
All right, see you in the next lecture!